AR connection configuration accepts `url` as a key if `adapter` is set (#41144)
rails/rails: activerecord/CHANGELOG.md

*   Connection specification now passes the "url" key as a configuration for the
    adapter if the "url" protocol is "jbdc", "http", or "https". Previously only

>     urls with the "jdbc" prefix were passed to the ActiveRecord Adapter, others

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    urls with the "jdbc" prefix were passed to the Active Record Adapter, others
```
